well here we are again guys this time
this ain't my collection this is all my
kids Hot Wheels got a couple of nice
little cars in here
no probably a few of these are for me
the rest were given to him by his uncle
Bart now be nice if he'd donate me some
cars here instead of my kid but uh hey
my kid loves him that's all it matters
he had fun plays with him every day you
know
is more somewheres but I'm sure they're
outside or something I'm sure it really
doesn't miss him though he's got plenty
here to play with
those are just as regular cars he still
got a whole pile behind me of McDonald's
cars there that's a pile of McDonald's
cars he's got I don't really feel like
setting all them up either so just a
quick look at them
yep number is McDonald's cars that he
got there couple monster jams just got
more kicking around somewhere Hot Wheels
truck you got not much to it but okay
she likes it plays with it it's all it
matters all right one more thing I got
to show you guys me my pal Burt here we
went taking yesterday and stopped at a
Walgreens and we send a shiver case we
went through it and we got five of these
suckers best we've ever done it just
keeps getting better and better for us
first off we went to first time we went
pegging together we didn't get much for
anything I mean we got stuff that we
needed for our collections and whatnot
but nothing as far as treasure hunter
any of that but a second time we went we
got one of these and a Datsun and this
last time we want we are five of these
just keeps getting better for us that's
all for now guys later
Boulder to Boulder my kill Mulder
where's the motor damn where point2 up
get what Mulder I'd all day father
mother yeah yeah my daughter to
solera yeah I told Earl of okar boulder
there those hot rods top rad where's
your hot rod it damn I what 1.2 up front
your hot rod you have where's your hot
rod yeah that's your hot rod yeah I may
have broad far out of that you have that
too where's my hot rod oh dear mine
right there yeah we're steadies hot rod
i read that this one yeah that's daddy's
hot rod ya know sucks for daddy huh yeah
you car you smile smile big for me the
cheese gee I Latino dipti you want
cheese how come Oh Keith smelly I'll
tell one I don't need one but my heart